Add info about security filters [DOC-768] (#2264)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/secure-cluster/pages/hardening-recommendations.adoc

xref:security:tls-ssl.adoc#mutual-authentication[mutual TLS authentication] and disabling xref:clusters:network-configuration.adoc#multicast-element[multicast join] configuration.
We recommend using Java serialization filter configuration for whitelisting the set of trusted classes or
packages which are allowed for deserialization.

> * Hazelcast can fall back to zero-configuration Compact serialization for classes that have no explicit serializer. We recommend restricting the classes eligible for zero-config Compact serialization by defining an allowlist of only the classes your application needs, rather than relying on the default behavior. See xref:serialization:compact-serialization.adoc#zero-config-filter[Restricting Classes for Zero-Config Compact Serialization].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Hazelcast can use zero-configuration Compact serialization for eligible classes that have no explicit serializer. We recommend restricting the classes allowed to use zero-config Compact serialization by defining an allowlist of only the classes your application needs, rather than relying on the default behavior. See xref:serialization:compact-serialization.adoc#zero-config-filter[Restricting Classes for Zero-Config Compact Serialization].
If you do not use zero-configuration Compact serialization, disable defaults and configure empty allowlist for best security.
```

@th0masb could you verify this, in particular the requirement about disabling defaults to configure empty allowlist. We might have discussed this previously, but I realized (again?) that this is a bit unfortunate. If you start with empty allowlist and disabled defaults, but then want to add some unreasonable classes to allowlist (eg. `com.hazelcast`) you lose the safety net of default blocklist.

Author: I've confirmed this behaviour - check L55 of ReflectiveClassFilter

Reviewer 2: > f you start with empty allowlist and disabled defaults, but then want to add some unreasonable classes to allowlist (eg. com.hazelcast) you lose the safety net of default blocklist.

Yes from what I remember this is the expected behaviour. I don't think it is particularly a problem, if a customer disables defaults _and_ explicitly allows the unreasonable classes then it feels like we've done all we can to try and stop it being used. If they have a non-empty allowlist then they shouldn't be disabling defaults.

> * Hazelcast can fall back to zero-configuration Compact serialization for classes that have no explicit serializer. We recommend restricting the classes eligible for zero-config Compact serialization by defining an allowlist of only the classes your application needs, rather than relying on the default behavior. See xref:serialization:compact-serialization.adoc#zero-config-filter[Restricting Classes for Zero-Config Compact Serialization].

Reviewer: I would also add a recomendation to configure serialization restrictions (Java - previous point) and ZCCS (this point) not only on members but also on clients. And they do not have to be the same, although blocked classes will not be usable in client/member that has them blocked.
